Add fluentd and fluentbit chart (#2)
giantswarm/logging-app: README.md

# Logging App

> Logging app is a proposal managed app to help customer to forward logs to AWS CLoudWatch or S3. It contains two parts: fluentbit as a small collector running as daemonset in the clusters and forwarding the logs to fluentd which actually takes care of persisting this log in a third party service like S3 or CloudWatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging app is a proposed managed app to help customers forward logs to AWS CloudWatch or S3. It contains two parts: fluentbit is a small collector running as daemonset in the clusters and forwarding the logs to fluentd which actually takes care of persisting the logs to a third party service like S3 or CloudWatch.
```
